hey everyone it's neil patel and today
is another day of cro unlocked we are
now at the start of week two um there's
gonna be three lessons within week two
and we're gonna kick it off by sierra
best practices if you miss any of the
other training modules or lessons on crm
locked you can find them at
neilpatel.com
training and then just click on cro
unlocked
so let's dive right in
how do you use recordings we talked
about crazy egg last week crazy egg is a
tool that can help you
see how your visitors engage with your
website and figure out how you can
modify them so you can easily
improve your conversions now one of the
features in crazy is user recordings in
which you can see the mouse movements
and video recordings of how people are
interacting with your website where
they're getting stuck what issues they
may have so that way you can fix it and
improve your conversion rate so how do
you use video recording well you go to
crazy egg you set it up it has a wysiwyg
or more so a walk through wizard there's
also technically a wysiwyg through their
a b testing feature we'll cover that
later on but more so there is a
walkthrough wizard that teaches you how
to set up recordings and you can
literally set it up within a minute or
two when you're going through the
process you pick your site if you have
multiple domains you can set up on
multiple sites and when a recording is
enabled page tracking lets you pick
which pages uh which views that you want
to see when people have like rapid
clicks because they feel like
something's wrong and you can see from
that image on the right side that's an
example of a screen recording where you
can pretty much see your website and see
how people are scrolling clicking uh
where they're converting etc and when
you're doing this video recording you
don't have to record every session you
can just do 500 sessions straight or
every other or random sampling there's a
lot of options pick what works for you
in addition to user recordings you also
need to look at quantitative research
the main goal of quantitative research
is to collect accurate structured facts
and stats in order to drive and improve
business decisions
and there's a lot of cool things that
you can get from quantitative research
but yet to keep in mind it's only one
piece of the puzzle
and you need to capture data to make it
useful
and a lot of that data typically ends up
coming from surveys questionnaires
analytics
but it's also necessary to make sure
that you're looking at the right
audience and you have enough of a
sampling to draw conclusions from it
because if you have a survey and three
people gave you data
on their conversion rate and things like
that
technically you wouldn't survey them
about your conversion rate but you would
survey them about let's say pricing for
example or you're surveying um
on
let's say
what products that you may end up
releasing in the future what features
they may end up wanting to see if we get
two people to respond it's not really
enough to make informed decision and
then there's also qualitative data as
well which we'll go over in the course
and qualitative is more opinions
let's say you're not talking about
numbers such as bounce rates or
where people are exiting like exit pages
um or click-through rates all those kind
of things is more
quantitative qualitative is just
feedback like i don't like the colors or
this text doesn't appeal to me or i
don't understand what's wrong with this
page or how to fix it and when you take
and combine this data that's how you're
going to be able to convert the most
traffic into leads and you'll find that
a lot of it has to do with conversion
funnels such as how people are going
throughout your website and the best
funnels oftentimes are a bit more
complex than this and they look
something more like this and don't
stress out about it we'll give you a lot
of worksheets that you can find at
neilpatel.com training click on cr
unlocked go to week two it's the first
lesson you'll find all the training
materials worksheets handouts that you
need to do all these things such as your
conversion funnels optimize landing
pages and so forth so on and one thing
that we found when you're going through
the process and trying to improve
conversion rates is exit intents work
really well especially if they're
conditional when you ask a yes or no
question in an exit pop-up it tends to
do better than if there is no yes or no
question you're just asking them for the
carrot the carrot being you know the
name and email or asking them to
purchase right away we find that always
when you ask a yes or no question first
it just tends to work better i also want
you to use landing pages because you can
create specific pages on your site to
create a specific experience for a
specific
type of user and then maximize your
leads or even sales some landing page
tips for you i recommend using high
quality images don't have too many
choices landing pages are supposed to be
more focused make sure you use
testimonials from your customers and
limit the scroll length you could have a
never ending landing page but i found
that the long landing pages don't work
as well as they used to these days
especially because people use mobile
devices they want you to cut to the
point and find out what really are their
pain points and address them and sell
them as quick as possible i've also
found that adding videos works really
well so instead of having that really
long scrolling page you can get a lot of
that messaging out in a video which is
easier to comprehend on a smartphone or
iphone than it would be to scroll
through and read 12 pages of text on an
iphone
and we've seen much more engagement with
videos on mobile devices than just using
really long form pages as i mentioned i
have asked this for you you can find
them at neilpatel.com training click on
cro unlocked and then go to week two
it's the first lesson in there
if you use the asset over time and you
follow all the instructions that i'm
giving you'll be able to improve your
conversion rate and that's what
conversion rate optimization is all
about it's increasing your conversions
and sometimes the changes you make won't
work out the way you want hence you got
to do a b testing
because you may have one variation with
100 visitors and if you get 22
conversions and you have another version
with 100 visitors but it gets 52
conversions
most likely you're going to make more
money from the one that had 52
conversions and a b testing will tell
you that and it'll allow you to change
things like your call to action buttons
it'll allow you to change the colors
your messaging your headlines and a lot
of different things so that way you can
optimize your conversion rate
make sure you use the essentials with
the tools that i've mentioned like heat
maps confetti user recording a b testing
and scroll map within crazy egg um in
hello bar you can use exit intent drop
down bars content upgrades social bumps
push notifications they all work well i
also recommend that you use a tool
called subscribers in which you can do a
welcome drip sequence it's a great way
to convert your visitors more into
customers
and when you're going through this
process you're probably wondering hmm
what can i change to generate more cells
well the first thing is removing the
friction during the sales funnel at
every stage the visitor being forced to
make choices between a large number of
options so just make it simple for them
to prevent indecision you can offer less
options and people tend to make
decisions faster if they're only three
or less options and that's why for many
pricing plans for software solutions or
even products they tend to give three
options and not six or seven or eight
because it's just too much is that kid
in the candy store where they're like
huh what should i do what choice should
i make
one strategy that very few people talked
about when it comes to cro is making
your customers love you i want you to
think about apple you may not like apple
and if that's the case pick nike or pick
another loyal brand but most the people
out there love apple they love nike
and these companies have created such
great products they care about their
customers so much it has helped improve
their conversions just like amazon
amazon gets more conversions because a
lot of people love their experience and
love using them but you aren't as big as
nike amazon apple
so you got to keep testing and iterating
because this will tell you what's
working and what's not and don't expect
all your tests to work out and that's
fine but some of them will work out
especially if you're using quantitative
and qualitative data so a few things i
want you to start testing is your
headlines your call to action
any graphic that you're using within
your sales process and of course your
copy such as your product descriptions
your service descriptions anything that
is text based that you really think can
affect if people are going to buy or not
from you if you're not sure on what to
adjust in your copy don't worry i'm
going to end up breaking copy for you in
a checklist format and a tear down
format keep in mind a tear down and
essentially is just the same thing as a
audit typically when conversion experts
go out there and they'll tell you oh you
need to make this exact copy tweak no
one knows the exact answer and no one
knows exactly what works and that's why
you need to do a b testing and it's
super important so take all the best
practices with copywriting and use them
and if you use them you'll do well and
here are some of those best practices
you want to show testimonials customer
reviews social proof customer reviews
are super important not just basic one
sentence ones but the more detailed even
if they take images even better you want
to showcase your credibility you'll do
constant communication you want to make
the process in your website super super
simple you also want to use dynamic
recommendations like amazon does
especially if your e-commerce 35 of all
amazon's revenue comes from dynamic
recommendations
and you want to leverage email too
because email is super important there's
also mobile devices that you have to
take into account learn how mobile users
engage with you it's going to be quite a
bit different than non-mobile users
especially because the screen sizes are
much smaller and if people leave your
site really quickly and they can't
easily navigate from mobile devices
you're not going to do well and paid
speed is also super important for you
when it comes to mobile devices even
desktop as well but mobile is even more
important and you want to optimize the
load speed of your website users tend to
leave if your site just loads too slowly
you can go to ubersuggest.com put in
your url and uh go to the site audit
report and you can see your site speed
and how you can improve there i also
recommend checking out loyalty perks
this builds brand loyalty and it keeps
causing those repeat customers
resorts are designed to grow as your
customers spend more money so in other
words they spend more reward them more
so it keeps encouraging them and try to
personalize the perks towards that
specific audience as i mentioned i have
a lot of worksheets for you here's one
on conversion hacks and this is a asset
that i recommend checking out at
neilpatel.com slash training and just go
to cro unlocked and it's the week two
lesson one as for a checklist keep your
changes small and manageable if you try
to do too big too crazy changes when
you're first starting off it's going to
feel overwhelming and you're going to
find that very little is going to get
done it's going to be hard to run tests
and it's just going to take you forever
if you need help with your cro check out
neilpatel.com you can hit up my ad
agency neil patel digital or just email
us at support neilpatel.com if you
enjoyed this video like it share it tell
the people about it thank you for
watching